{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Chatbots\
\
Is it a hype? Will it fade like google glass/ bitcoin or other trends? Or will it pave a way to more advanced apps like the new ones (compared to the old iPhone)\
\
Investments\
\
Continue with making user dyi and economically outsource to user.\
Pizza Hut Bit takes a lot of time to make order. Process get more complex\
People get more used to it and do get educated but life becomes effectively more difficult but more effectively (we will do more)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Like then and now with check in\
Now I r charged even on Air France if you are not online checked in\
So in 10 years I will not have a call center?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Figure out what platform people like the most\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Poscast/ the chstbots \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I hook ppl into using tech, product. 4 stages of hook model. Article: to bot or not to bit that is not the question \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Key takeaways\
Bots are new primitive apps\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Distribution: Facebook, campaign, \
Facebook charges on the transaction you make via its bits\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 One big bot?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Bus model\
Monetize transactions\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Botlist-botpages \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Make survey: what do you feel like when you say hey Siri \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Write multi-lingual bots\
Audio / text - challenges\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Compare to app site development experience \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 KPI for bot success\
-metrics\
Retention: How many people keep talking to the bot over time. How long they do not unsubscribe (not like medidatebot)\
-read msgs\
-ask the people: are they happy\
-depends on objective of bot:\
-econmerce: do you drive sales/revenue\
-customer service: did you lower the percentage of ppl talking to a real person\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Engagement? Conversational? Marketing?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Retain attention in general\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'97\
\'97\
everyone has something to say about them\
\
\
yuri\
\
Narrative networks\
Science of propoaganda\
they spread khara in Discussion groups\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Tania\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Robopsych podcast\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Cyborg love\
El hotel bot (youtube video)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Rania 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56900 \u55357 \u56399 \u55357 \u56399 
\f0  ted talk autism- youssef elkashef \
\
\
Female vs male voice- pers\'f6nlich Mann m\'fctterlich Ikea \
rimini protokolle with jax\
Singapur/Stadt Wien\
Ohne eigenen Willen \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
In the media - in the movies, which depict our vision for the future and how we want to predict / profezeihen / prescribe it:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 breakfast at tiffany\'92s (answer machine), Her movie, black mirror\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Office clippy \
MSN dog. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 AIkonferencz Berlin \
social bots / chatbots\
\
\
check facebook links\
\
}