{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh11880\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bachelor Chatbot Lex\
\
- Grading: Takes 3 days, more work is with Gutachter (Albayrak, \'85) so buffer 6 weeks\
\
- does he need a CV?\
- Will I get an Echo?\
\
Case / Feasibility Study - Alexa vs Google\
\
- Can but does not prefer to make contact to the google guy\
\
Facebook Integration\
	-	data passed to Termine B\'fcrgeramt\
\
Text - Intent\
\
SVCS\
	- Klassisches Informationssystem\
	- Bot\
Wieso wendet man sich an bots\
	den menschlichen Aspekt suggerieren\
	menschliches Verhalten immitieren\
	smalltalk f\'e4higkeiten\
		these are centralized at alexa somewhere\
		ablitiy to react to everything\
\
\
Technology:	Lucene\
				spell check. unscharfe suche\
				\'85Tika / detect language / \'85 it\'92s the golden standard\
			Solr\
			Data Structure: XML datei, (hierarchical)\
\
intents as nodes\
- in each node he goes one level deeper and goes on to the next (as a recommender system)\
- Service.berlin.de Hitlist structure from Senat is provided as opposed to el HAndyversicherungsfirma\
Handyversicherung;\
	from wiInf perspective, the bot is aiming to sell more versicherung, \
	the bot tries to determine if there is a ekhtelaf fel egabat (acting as a judge)\
	MKTG - Aufwand - how did the phone fall off,\
			- use of ML\
unfortunately forums vs. FAQs did not work. if i want assistance, i want the customer to tell me the model number - and forums have mostly Schrott!\
\
what the bot curently achieved is at least not give wrong answers, sometimes says idk but it doesnt confuse u. same attitude like in german shops (nur unpassende antworten sind frustrierend! MM comment)\
\
\
\
\
\
XML/JSON:\
	Intents:\
		- Node1- keyword: Dienst 1\
\
\
\'93was definierst du als Dienst!\'94\
\
he wants the bot to be interactive. not a question/answer system\
\
option: make two versions of it - wa7ed only focused on the info, the other is a module on top of it for entertainment\
\
\
How to optimize\'85\
- z.B. with this Microsoft way to make a bot session last for a long time and start a session w keda 3ashan ye3mel sense of the context around it (conversation before and after)\
- facebook 3amlin suggested answers mit diesen 3 K\'e4stchen (as does Apple etc)\
- internationalization / Locale\
	many international users prefer a chatbot than a phone 3ashan the bot will know more languages, so maybe we want it to either support more languages. (how to do that..use a translator service masalan? back and forth) or detect the langeuage and say it does not support it. \
- Evaluate the system:\
	- is it trivial to build such a bot or not / what is the aufwand\
	- how does it react with longer sentences? some service names are long\
	- what does levenstein distanz cause\
	- wie leicht kann ich eine antwort finden auf das was ich suche?\
	- how am i going to classify my tests?\
Possible case Fallstudie:\
	- Kann man den Bot in Alexa integrieren?\
		- was sind die Herausforderungen? Was sind die L\'f6sungen dazu?\
	eine \'dcberf\'fchrung in Alexa, not writing everything new in alexa. such that when you want to do it in another system what do u want to integrate?\
\
machine learning required to learn from past answers and masalan rank higher demands for more popular services? matkhoshesh fel 7etta di awi - already hitlist given\
\
Vorgehensweise: XML -> index \'fcber Lucene - >solr knoten\'85based on sth like when i say \'93am 10. august\'94 it gets me masalan events..aha august ist ein monat, monat relates to calendar, calendar relates to eventss, \'85\
\
x	x	x\
ooo ooo ooo\
try first, go to second (kosten, zeit, rechtsgrundlage, ..) skip one if it has already been suggested.. hinweis..that is built into the xml\
\
the live service is different than the one at DAI\
\
\
we do not know how difficult this is. usually in a meeting we use planing poker - varianz anschauen zw. leicht und schwer und iterativ dar\'fcber sprechen\
\
most tutorials are around \'93get me a car at 8\'94\'85executing the command\
\
\
\
I need to learn more terminology:\
	Hitlist\
	Intents \
	..\
\
current bot has no session/no persistence\
\
use external web service maybe? in case that helps instead of alexa doing everything..dunno exactly what he meant, but he wants the konten to be on alexa\'85\
more like he wants to know wo hilft mir alexa, was mach ich lieber woanders\
-\'c4hnlichkeitsma\'dfe (levenstein)..dunno why we mentioned that here but i can imagine he wants something that determines from the word how to go if it gets a certain keyword. alexa or webservice. he was very happy when i said IFTTT\
\
Orga: Format of the Arbeit/	\
	will there be a vortrag? check pr\'fcfungsordnung. but they are interested to find out more!\
	Wir werden uns nicht oft treffen, er wird gerne 2mal dr\'fcber schauen wollen, am besten comments in a PDF\
	give him the work in kleine H\'e4ppchen\
\
Next steps:\
	- outline\
	- explain the xml\
	- start programming and show him something in 3 weeks\
	he should answer on
\b  sep 4  when is the next meeting / feedback
\b0 \
\
Kontakt in meantime:\
Danuta / JOnas kastins or kartens\
\
next day: their server is down/// :(\
\
Outline\
-	what do we expect from a bot\
-	to what extent do we want to make a bot have an answer to what we want?\
	! check usability Modul\
- 	future of bots. deren Einsatz. roles (As judges, catereres in hotels, \'85)\
-	Difference between bot and human\
		this one says sentences tewila and there is a fluid \'fcbergang between dialog and monologue bas the bot wants a sentence yesharra7a f 7etat soghayara w neshouf..nicht unendlich lang\
-	wo kann der Kunde (Sawa2 kan el end user or the senat in our case) help optimize the bot\
		masalan b\'fcrgeramt beyektebo, welche Rechtsgrundlage \'93keine\'94\
-	auff\'e4llige Probleme\
		masalan zay Perso, PA, personalausweis, how to introduce \'93expert mode\'94 so that if u add it with a special character it knows what u want, just like alexa knows when u rename the lamp - refer again to use cases and exper vs personal field\
-	Evaluation\
-	Benchmark\
		ndcg etc}